# Roblox Invites
Roblox Invites connects your Discord server members to their activity on Roblox.<br>
This isn't a traditional Discord bot, but rather webhook-based server software.

## Features
- Sends invites when a player joins a Roblox game
- Notifies your server if a player transfers servers or leaves a Roblox game
- Tracks your players' playtimes across Roblox games

## How to Use
Clone this repository anywhere on your PC, but preferably in a place you can easily access.<br>
Replace the webhooks in source.py with your own webhooks (see *Webhooks*).<br>
Manually input values for the **modifiable** JSON files (see *Modifiable JSON Files*).<br>
Run source.py using Python 3.14.5+ (older versions can be used) with the modules in requirements.txt. For accurate playtime tracking, keep the bot running for as long as possible!

## Webhooks
**Here's what each webhook does:**
- update_webhook is the webhook that will log update notices, if needed.
- announcement_webhook is the webhook that will announce any maintenance notices and update changelogs.
- webhook is the main webhook that will display join/leave embeds.
- ct_webhook is the webhook that will show Custom Title update changelogs generated by the bot.

## Modifiable JSON Files
Roblox Invites uses a variety of JSON files in /server to store configuration data, user data, Custom Titles, cookies, and more.<br>
**You will need to modify some of these files manually.** The purpose and formatting of each modifiable file can be seen below.<br>

**/server/blacklisted.json stores blacklisted Place IDs.**<br>
```
[
    {
        "place_id": PLACE_ID (int),
        "game": "GAME_NAME (str)"
    }
]
```
<br>

**/server/cookies.json stores Roblox cookies.**<br>
Currently, only the cookie at index 0 is used.<br>
```
[
    "ROBLOSECURITY_COOKIE (str)"
]
```
<br>

**/server/custom_titles.json stores Custom Titles.**<br>
You can add Custom Titles using the Custom Titles Wizard in this repository.<br>
```
[
    "version": CUSTOM_TITLES_VERSION (int),
    "titles": {
        "UNIVERSE_ID (str)": {
            "title": "CUSTOM_TITLE (str)",
            "color": "COLOR_IN_HEX (str)",
            "game": "GAME_NAME (str)",
            "place_id": ROOT_PLACE_ID (int)
        }
    }
]
```
<br>

**/server/users.json stores the users who will participate in your hosting of the bot.**<br>
When you modify this file while the bot is running, you only need to include a value for the "username" key. The bot will automatically add the other information.<br>
```
[
    {
        "username": "USERNAME (str)",
        "user_id": USER_ID (int),
        "display_name": "DISPLAY_NAME (str)"
    },
]
```
<br>

## Other JSON Files
**You won't need to modify these files.**<br>

/server/cached_ids.json stores cached Root Place IDs, universe IDs, and game names (which aren't updated often).<br>

/server/old_user_presences.json stores cached Root Place IDs, universe IDs, and game names (which aren't updated often).<br>

/server/stats.json stores user playtimes and the games a given user plays.
